Docs/Notes.md, before:

# Notes

5ms± update, avg complexity modifiers
ModifierLibrary Original: 500 modifiers
ModifierLibraryLite : 10_000 (goal)
ModifierLibraryEcs : 100_000 (400_000 time modifiers)

Goals of the libraries:
* Original: Small solo/party vs solo/party games, very feature rich, not optimized
  * Ex. games: binding of isaac, tiny rogues, gungeon, dota, witcher 3
  * Ex. genres: moba, arena, duel
* Lite: Solo vs hunreds, or hundreds vs hundreds. Much faster, less features
  * Ex. games: Rimworld,
  * Ex. genres: small arpg, small rts, pve, colony sim
* Ecs: Solo vs thousands, or thousands vs thousands. Very fast, much less features, optimized, needs ecs
  * Ex. games: PoE, Diablo
  * Ex. genres: arpg, rpg, rts, pve

## Goals

* Lightweight
* Basic++ effects
  * Basic effect manipulation (stack, refresh)

## Temp Notes

Who should own the targetComp?
Init/Time, or Effect?
Effect shouldn't care about it?

20_000 basic timers in one array: 5ms

Effect on: GetHit, OnHit, Interval
Effect type: damage, heal

Basic functionality:
* Damage, Heal, Effects
* Time Effects
* Interval Effects
*

Commit message:

feat: add damage, revertible effect

Docs/Notes.md, after:

# Notes

5ms± update, avg complexity modifiers
ModifierLibrary Original: 500 modifiers
ModifierLibraryLite : 10_000 (goal)
ModifierLibraryEcs : 100_000 (400_000 time modifiers)

Goals of the libraries:
* Original: Small solo/party vs solo/party games, very feature rich, not optimized
  * Ex. games: binding of isaac, tiny rogues, gungeon, dota, witcher 3
  * Ex. genres: moba, arena, duel
* Lite: Solo vs hunreds, or hundreds vs hundreds. Much faster, less features
  * Ex. games: Rimworld,
  * Ex. genres: small arpg, small rts, pve, colony sim
* Ecs: Solo vs thousands, or thousands vs thousands. Very fast, much less features, optimized, needs ecs
  * Ex. games: PoE, Diablo
  * Ex. genres: arpg, rpg, rts, pve

## Goals

* Lightweight
* Basic++ effects
  * Basic effect manipulation (stack, refresh)

## Temp Notes

How to do remove logic in RemoveEffect.
Reference to Modifier?

Who should own the targetComp?
Init/Time, or Effect?
Effect shouldn't care about it?

20_000 basic timers in one array: 5ms

Effect on: GetHit, OnHit, Interval
Effect type: damage, heal

Basic functionality:
* Damage, Heal, Effects
* Time Effects
* Interval Effects
*
